it was first created in 1963 there have
been 15 different incarnations and in
total over 100 different models do you
think that the world might have grown
bored of the 911 but somehow no
initially brought two models the 58
grand each level Carrera with a 3.6
liter flat 6 and 325 horsepower and this
carrera s when 3.8 liters and 355 bhp
which will set you back 65 grand to cope
with that extra power and a slight
increase in the torque as an all new
six-speed gearbox which just as good as
the old one if anything the clutch
pressure little bit lighter however one
first from new 911 is a variable passed
during rate so that slow speeds it's
nice and easy for parking wears high
speeds it's just as sensitive as it
always was and the rack in this case
it's a bit quicker than before so less
turns from locked along perhaps most
important first is the first I've had an
active suspension management option so
now when it's switched off you look
slightly softer Porsche for mainly Road
use of them
but one thing that never changes is that
glorious way all from behind you
although it does look like a carbon copy
of its predecessor Porsche have gone to
great lengths to make this 911 more
slippery through the air all the body
panels are new apart from the one on the
roof and the United a new undertray to
further reduce drag the pats don't
notice little things like that an auto
barn or only bass track it's time to see
just how could this new Porsche is
surely the backs gonna kick up in here
well no groups well and the other way
what
back went out the door look very easily
controlled unbelievable when this car
was so famed for its dodgy rear end can
be driven so hard in such greasy
conditions Vicki wants a real delight
out on the track time to play
so the 911 remains by far the best way
to spend 60 grand on a car I know a lot
of people make a big fuss about the new
Aston Martin am v8 the stew out next
year but to beat this it's glad to be
something very very special indeed